man is Christmas hey everyone welcome to
day 19 rights 19th day 19 day 19 of the
LEGO City advent calendar opening this
thing who are you I'm George I'm a lean
working to a rake toy breakdown let's do
it shall we find 19 oh I found Oh again
first thing I looked at chance I'm sorry
sorry to open the best one nude Santa
been how this cardboard is painful
painfully hard to open it's a wagon
because I gonna make sure this is lame
it's a little red player challenge
century I guess if you had more than 10
that's not a wagon that's the name is
the beginning of something better I
think I think you're right silver spoon
style hey i'ma need you to hold that
open that is gonna take me a moment to
build do you want a table I think I can
hold it you sure cuz I think you're
doing something wrong woman oh no I'm
not okay
he's right I was doing something wrong
all right oh you don't want to save all
that oh look a table anybody ever tell
you you look like I'm up but when you do
that nope well you do this mad you did
it wrong you wouldn't listen yep I don't
know what you're talking about I didn't
do anything wrong no magic of editing
the beauty of Lego is that you can take
them apart and build it correctly
correctly meaning it was wrong the first
time no no that that's a different
definition of the work for a different
definition definitely different I've
never seen those pieces before that's
interesting I don't think I've either I
like them two extra pieces today a
little corner and a wheel and that my
friends looks like the makings of the
first train car hopefully first because
that would be silly if there's no more
yeah if there's only one that would be
um that's thus these wheels are
something weird cuz you can't filled
with them what are you doing to me when
we stick on things like you yeah but
like you can't add to the top of it I'm
glad add it to the bottom of anything
right like the pegs are weird sighs so
what you're gonna do is take a train on
tracks choo-choo we don't have a
choo-choo car yet but that one part so
put little presents inside oh it's gonna
be cute so day 19 hopefully there will
be more to complete the Silver Spoons
chain come on day 20 tune in tomorrow
we'll see you then bye